this is h1z1 we took out the name
apocalypse so this is what we find in
your office computer this kind of cool
stuff yeah h1z1 is a MMO that allows
players to take on the role of a
apocalyptic survivor who is in a world
that's filled with zombies a will not
just a little tiny server a world where
people can actually in a world um well
they're gonna kill me we don't have the
zombie sound and yet we only have about
one type of zombie but all the other
ones are in the middle of you've done
well that would work if you're in France
because all the zombies would be minds
who really seriously me I mean that's a
that's a top-notch idea wickets the
nighttime this is a scary place cuz the
zombies come out and and you can get
ganked by zombies very fast but zombies
aren't scary people are scared yeah i'll
give you another tip before we go you
license the houdini song the freaks come
out at night and when you play the night
mode that song place the freaks come out
at night okay i'll have to look at the
time because i do not scare this game
can be scary cats the point yes it's
like when you see a zombie coming up at
you in with nothing out there's a
highway player but here's something else
that you're gonna be able to do that you
can't do in these other games light
things on fire we're a little putting
that in now so you're gonna be able burn
down trees burn down stuff yeah and
that's gonna be a lot of fun the idea of
these players building this fortress and
all of a sudden these other guys coming
in lighting it on fire and waiting until
they come out of the fortress I like
them to keep lighting his farts yeah
that's that's actually what that was you
know that was hard to get right the
first time but we did sorry except the
lees continue
that's pretty fast too oh yeah we've
modified the planetside 2 in June this
is your own engine I remember yeah oh
yeah no it's called forged light we do
our own stops we've having so much fun
with this game um I'm look at the world
she's gorgeous there's a day/night cycle
that goes through this game oh god yeah
but in this game it matters a lot more
than in others because it gets really
dark at night and you have to have a
torch and you're gonna be ganked by
other players so we've got vehicles in
here we can actually have aircraft if we
want to our goal is to build out this
entire massive massive world that's just
as apocalypse of the United States where
people are fighting each other they're
fighting for survival we have base
building and this game is going to be
our first game that we're putting out
that we call with emergent AI where the
zombies themselves have their own
individually either not they're not on
some free program script they actually
think for themselves now this so it's
not the same experience over and over oh
no no you know it's radically different
you can loot stores you can you know you
can build fortresses what you're seeing
in some of these other survival games
taken to the next level because we have
an engine that can just outperform
anything that that I've seen in these
other games we're a milestone away right
now from a whole bunch more zombies and
a whole bunch of our content but what
we're trying to do the world in this
game is build a much larger persistent
world than you're ever seen in a nice
kind of you know Daisy or rust or you
can build persistent fortresses players
can you know rate each other and if you
think of walking dead if you think of
that town and the prison you know that's
the kind of we want these camps fighting
with each other old cars laying around
and I mean they're Junkers rights 15
years after zombie apocalypse so you're
going to have to find a new battery
you'll probably have to charge it maybe
you have to wait for a lightning storm
or something um you're gonna have to
find spark plugs you're gonna have to
find biodiesel for fuel or make it I
mean we are we're taking this survival
genre to the next level and it's gonna
be a blast hello you are literally like
a giant child video game loving kid oh
yes I do not love making them to like
Bill Gates you don't get the sense that
dude games or someone like some of these
other scene who is trade being um
bill gates for being a child loving kid
because I would just become Bill Gates
that likes games oh god what did you do
if you have like billions of dollars to
spend on the game you would make a home
I would yeah what we could kick starter
that 1 billion dollars smed will make a
holic you know the sad thing is is I
think if you put a holodeck up on
Kickstarter there would be enough people
to fund it